Well, good morning.
Good morning, Sugar Creek family.
It's so good to be with you today.
Hey, I want to welcome our Missouri City family, Richmond Rosenberg, all of you online, and everyone here at Sugar Land.
It's so good to be back home here at Sugar Creek.
Hey, if you're new to sugar creek in the last three and a half years, this might be our first time to me, but I am part of your family, your extended global family of people who have been formed and shaped here at ministry at Sugar Creek and just sent to a different part of the world to serve Jesus.
And then just so thankful to Pastor Mark for the chance to be back with you for a couple of weeks.
Now Stacy and I and our children Avery and Liam, we live in North Dallas and we have the joy of pastoring a church called Bentry Bible Fellowship
And we're just thankful to open up God's word with you today.
Now, last two Sundays, you had Pastor Eric Witten, who did a great series on marriage.
And today, we are taking a hard turn to talk about politics.
Yes, you heard me correctly.
Now, if you're like, this is your first Sunday here.
You're like, what in the world did I just step into?
Don't pack your bags.
Just quiet yet.
Give me a few minutes.
We're going to be OK. Now, actually, Pastor Eric and I, we both live in North Dallas just a few minutes from each other.
And we were grabbing lunch a few months ago, talking about being here with you in July.
And he told me he was doing a series on marriage.
And I said, well, Pastor Mark, let me do one on politics.
I wish I could do the marriage, but I guess I'll do politics.
But I texted Pastor Mark afterwards and say,
Pastor, Eric and I decided we're gonna combine our series.
And for the whole month of July, we're gonna talk about how to keep politics out of your marriage, if that's okay with you.
No, he didn't sign off on that, but maybe next summer I'll come back and do that.
Now, I'm gonna level set some expectations of what this series is and what it's not.
This isn't a series where I convince people who vote differently than you that they are wrong, because this isn't just for the other party,
This series is for all of us together, as one faith community, one church family, to enter into a united mindset of how we enter and engage in the world of politics.
So look at somebody next to you on all campuses and just tell them, this series is for me.
Come on, go ahead and do it.
This series is for me.
Now, look to your second choice, your person you did not look at, and I tell the other person, your second choice, this series is for me.
So this isn't for the other part, this is for all of us together.
And second of all, this series is not to encourage you or to ask you to disengage from the world of politics.
No, no, not at all.
There are some serious things involved in our country today, some political issues that are significant for our nation, many issues that have deep theological and moral implications.
And God instituted government
to restrain evil and serve his purpose on the earth, to serve his will on the earth.
So when God isn't being honored and evil isn't restrained, we have a responsibility and a calling to be engaged, to speak up.
If God calls you to run for office or to be engaged at whatever level, certainly the responsibility and the privilege to vote based on convictions that God has given us.
So this is not for that either.
This series is for all of us to discover how do we as Christ's followers enter the world of politics differently because we have been shaped and formed by Jesus.
How do we as Christians uniquely engage in the topic of politics because we are walking with Jesus and we have been formed and shaped by Jesus?
When you come to know Jesus and you begin to walk with Him, every area of your life changes.
Like you engage in your career, in your singleness, in your marriage, in your finances, in the relationships of your life differently because you were walking with Jesus.
There was this old way of doing life.
And now that you've met Jesus, there is a gospel-informed way of doing life, and that applies to politics too.
Jesus reframes how we think about and engage in the world of politics.
Now, if you follow Jesus and nothing about your life has changed, you may be more a fan of Jesus than you are his follower, because following him changes everything about who we are.
Eight days ago, we witnessed the attempted assassination of former President Donald Trump.
And it was just another indication of how deeply wrong things are in the world of politics in our nation.
In our democracy like ours, we don't deal with difference through violence.
It is not our way.
But that's the condition we have found ourselves in.
Deep hatred, vitriol, hostility and a lack of civility and engaging in the world of politics.
In 2021, there was a survey done by the University of Maryland and the Washington Post, and they found across a country that 81% of people who have served in public office experienced some sort of violence, harassment, and threats in their time of office.
81% experienced that.
The same survey found that one out of three Americans, this is staggering to me, one out of three Americans,
Believe that violence against government is a justifiable means for political gain.
What out of three Americans believe that violence is a justifiable means?
That might be the most ever in our nation where people believe that violence is okay and good and justified for political means.
It's a sad reality we find ourselves in and I think partly
It's because we are more politically literate than we are biblically literate.
We are shaped by social media, discipled by our news channels, formed and identified more by our politics than we are by Jesus, His Word and the Holy Spirit of God.
And we are invited in this series
To remember that we are not Republicans first or Democrats or independents, we are first and foremost citizens of heaven following a King named Jesus.
And we belong to his kingdom.
That's it.
That's our highest allegiance, our highest devotion.
And what that means is that we may be divided in our politics, but we can be united in our posture.
We may be divided in how we view certain issues in the world.
We may be divided in our politics, but we don't have to be divided in our posture to one another.
We can be united in our posture.
Our posture towards one another is unity.
We may have differing opinions, but we are one in Christ as a faith family.
We are one in Jesus.
So our posture towards one another horizontally is unity.
Love.
Our posture towards the world is compassion and the great commission.
If the great commission matters to you, then people are not enemies to be alienated or eliminated.
They are souls to love and lead to life change in Christ.
And if you view people as enemies, you'll never love them into the kingdom.
Our posture towards God is a deep abiding trust in him that he is sovereign over the universe.
He is on the throne.
He is king and he is our only savior.
In seasons like we're in today, you'll hear politicians claim that Jesus is exclusively on their side.
But I got news for you.
Jesus didn't come to take sides.
He came to take over.
He exists in a category called holy, holy, holy.
And he invites you and I, choose for yourself this day whom you will serve.
And may we say with Joshua, as for me and my household, for our church, for our faith community, now we will serve Jesus and no one else.
No one else.
So just imagine the difference Christians could make if the people who follow the same crucified and risen Jesus
Stepped into politics entirely different than the rest of the world.
The tone difference, the life difference, the people on both sides of the aisle would be so challenged in the best way possible by people who are shaped by Jesus and filled with the Spirit.
Maybe divided in politics, but united in posture.
And when we are united in our posture toward one another, toward God, toward the world,
we can handle differences in politics.
I got good news for you.
You don't have to lose friends every four years.
You don't have to skip Thanksgiving this November.
When there is a posture that binds us together or heartbeat around the gospel and around God's kingdom, we don't have to ruin relationships.
There's a question that we get asked often around this time of the year.
or season.
And that's this question.
What would Jesus do if he lived in our day?
Like how would he identify politically?
What would he do if he were alive today?
Now here's the good news.
You don't have to wonder what Jesus would do.
We can actually look at the gospels and see what Jesus did do in his day.
Jesus lived in one of the most contentious and polarizing political times in Jewish history.
In fact, in his day, there weren't just two different parties.
There were six different parties.
People with varying differing ideologies are on what was best for Israel and how to engage with the Roman government.
The divided politics of Jesus' day.
You had, for instance, the Sadducees who held onto political power by accommodating to the Roman Empire.
Then you had the Pharisees who had a strict adherence to the Mosaic law, and they believed that Moses' 10 commandments and God's laws were to be the law of the land.
Then you had the zealots who saw themselves as a violent, resistance army seeking to kill as many Romans as they possibly could because they felt that violence and resistance in that hostility way and that hostile way was the only path to victory.
Then you had their scenes.
who withdrew from social and political life altogether.
They moved up to the mountains wanting nothing to do with their world.
Then you had the Herodians who didn't side with Caesar, but they sided with King Herod as Caesar appointed, and they held on to his dynasty.
Then you had the Roman Empire who ruled the Jewish people from 63 BC all the way to the 4th century, a long time.
And this was an oppressive government.
for the Jewish people.
Jesus grew up in Nazareth, and in his day, while he lived in Nazareth, there were multiple anti-imperial uprisings and insurrections against the Roman Empire.
Jesus literally stepped into a contentious, polarizing, divided political scenario.
And what did he do?
He didn't choose sides.
He came announcing the kingdom of God.
He said, repair all of you, every one of you.
And enter into this new way of life, a new kingdom, a better kingdom is here.
And let me tell you today, everything about worldly kingdoms are coming unglued.
And it will, it ought to.
The Bible says in Hebrews, everything that can be shaken will be shaken so that
The only thing that remains is a kingdom that cannot be shaken, and that is a kingdom of our eternal God.
And it is good for us to remember that we are citizens of that kingdom, and of that kingdom, and it's the only kingdom that will last for all eternity long.
There are two scenes we're gonna look at today to see how Jesus engaged in the politics of his day
And fascinating enough, these two conversations, these two scenes happen in the same week of Jesus' life.
It happens in the last week of his life that would lead to the cross.
It's past over a week and the Pharisees and the religious leaders are wanting to get Jesus arrested.
So look at this conversation number one that takes place in Mark chapter 12.
Mark 12 verse 13 says, then they sent some of the Pharisees and the Herodians
to Jesus to trap him and his words.
Now, you couldn't get more different than the Pharisees and the Herodians on the political spectrum.
The Pharisees were far right-winged and the Herodians were far left-winged.
They would never be found in the same room except now they have a common enemy.
It's amazing.
Jesus brings people together no matter what.
Now both of these groups have come together to trap Jesus in his words.
When they came, they said to him, teacher,
We know you are truthful and don't care what anyone thinks, nor do you show partiality but teased away of God truthfully.
Now that's just flattery and pleasantry.
Is it lawful?
Now they've got a question for Jesus.
Is it lawful to pay taxes to Caesar or not?
Should we pay or shouldn't we?
They've got a question around taxation.
and Rome had all kinds of strange, severe taxes on the Jewish people, many times just to remind them, who was in charge, that Rome owned everything they belonged.
And now, the Pharisees believe they've got a plan to warrant the arrest of Jesus.
They've cooked up a perfect plan.
They come to Jesus, who's a Jewish rabbi, speak into a Jewish audience, and they've got this question, should we pay tax to this gentile
pagan emperor who claims to be divine or shouldn't we?
They know that certainly Jesus will say, no, no, no, don't pay him tax.
And when he does the Herodians who have direct access to King Herod will go to him until King Herod, hey, we found a rebel who is going against Rome.
He is causing people to not pay taxes and break the law of Rome.
And Herod will go to Pilate who is in town for Passover week.
and they will arrest and take Jesus away.
It's a win situation.
And if for some reason, Jesus says, yes, you should pay tax, that Jesus would have immediately lost all his influence with this Jewish audience.
And his movement would come to an end.
It's a win-win situation.
So what does Jesus say in response?
I love verse 15.
He sees right through their pleasant tree.
and false flattery, but knowing their hypocrisy.
Jesus sees their heart, knowing their hypocrisy.
He said to them, why are you testing me?
Bring me a denarius to look at.
And they brought a coin, and Jesus asked them this question, whose image and inscription is this?
He asked them.
Caesars, they replied.
Here is a first century denarius.
the image and inscription of Tiberius, Caesar Tiberius, and it literally calls Tiberius, son of God, king and high priest.
Counterfeit titles to what the scriptures give Jesus.
And so Jesus says, give me a coin, and the coin literally has the image of Caesar and inscription of Caesar on it.
So verse 17, Jesus told them, give to Caesar the things that are Caesars.
And to God,
the things that are gods, and they were utterly amazed at him.
Jesus says, Brimia, coin, looks at the coin, whose image is on it, Caesar's.
And Jesus sets a principle and asks a question at the same time.
The principle he sets forth is, if Caesar's image is on the coin, give him the coin, meaning whoever bears the image on the coin, whoever's image is on the coin, the coin belongs to him or her.
That's the principle, whoever bears the image, the coin, the item belongs to that person whose image is on it.
But the question he's asking is this, if Caesar's image is on the coin, then whose image is on you?
Because he says, give to Caesar what belongs to Caesar.
How do you know this belongs to Caesar?
His image is on it.
But give to God's, what is God's?
Well, how do you know what belongs to God?
What has God's image on it?
And the Pharisees and the Herodians both know we bear the image of God.
God's image is on us.
His imprint is on us.
And so Jesus is saying, you want to talk about tax?
You want to talk about coin?
If Caesar's image is on it, give it to him.
But let me ask you a more important question.
Who's image is on you?
God's image is on you.
So give Caesar the coin, but give your whole life to God.
Give your whole life to God.
Jesus is doing something significant in the world of government and politics here in this passage.
Because until now, government claimed absolute allegiance and total authority over people.
Emperors called themselves God.
They believed they were divine in nature and whatever they said goes.
But Jesus in this moment is drawing a boundary around the allegiance we give the government and the authority they have.
He is limiting, he is shifting from total allegiance to government to limited allegiance.
Why?
Because the client has a government's image, but the people have God's image.
And he's saying honor the emperor, but worship God.
Submit to government, but your highest allegiance belongs only to God.
He's segmenting and limiting the allegiance we would ever give to our government.
Honor the Emperor, but worship God because his image is on you.
That means there are going to be moments where we live in a day where Caesar and God coexist not because they're equals, but because they share some leadership influence on the world.
And sometimes the way of Caesar goes against the way of God.
But Jesus is teaching us here.
If you give to Caesar what belongs to God, that's called idolatry.
And if you don't give to Caesar what is rightfully his, that's disobedience.
Idolatry is giving to Caesar what only belongs to God.
Our worship, our highest allegiance, our affection, our desire, our passion.
We offer him our life.
because his image is on us.
But what is rightfully belonging to Caesar, we give because that's the way of Jesus.
And that the government goes against the way of God.
If the way of Caesar goes against the way of God, we don't follow Caesar.
We follow God all the way through.
No matter what, we follow him because his image is on you and it's on me.
A few days from this conversation, Jesus is arrested.
He is tried and marked trial in front of the government of his day.
And now we're about to go to Mark 15, where we see in the same room, all of the religious and political leaders of the day, and Jesus is standing right there in between them.
Notice what Mark 15, verse one reads, as soon as it was morning,
Having held a meeting, notice all the groups of people with the elders scribes, the whole Sanhedrin.
The chief priests tied Jesus up, led him away, and handed him over to Pilate.
You've got the convergence of all of modern-day leaders in Jesus' time.
Religious leaders, Pilate is there, and Jesus stands among them.
Verse two, so Pilate asked him, are you the king of the Jews?
This is not a religious question for Pilate.
This is not a theological question for Pilate.
This is strictly a political question from Pilate.
Jesus, are you a political leader?
Are you the king of the Jews?
Have you come to take power from me, political power from me?
And notice how Jesus responds.
You say so.
It's the most ambiguous response you can ever think.
Tim Keller, the late Tim Keller said about this passage, if Pilate were to ask this question of Buddha, are you a king?
Are you a political leader?
His answer would be no.
If Pilate were to ask this question of Muhammad, are you a political leader?
His answer would be yes.
But when this question is asked of Jesus, he says, you say so.
Meaning time will tell what kind of king I really am.
Jesus could have said,
I'm not the king of the Jews.
I'm not a political leader.
I'm just a spiritual leader, but that wouldn't be true because the movement of Jesus and the message of Jesus impacted politics.
And within a few centuries, the social and political order of the day were turned upside down because of Jesus and his message.
If Jesus were to say, I am a political leader, that wouldn't be true either.
Because Jesus is not the kind of king that Pilate thinks he is.
Pilate has no category for the kingship Jesus is carrying.
So that's why Jesus neither affirms nor denies or does both.
And he says, you say so with the emphasis on you, you will see the kind of king I am.
Verse three, and the chief priests accused him of many things.
Pilate questioned him again.
Are you going to answer?
Look how many things they are accusing you of.
But Jesus did not answer.
And so Pilate was amazed.
Pilate wants Jesus to fight back.
He wants Jesus to defend himself.
The enemies of Jesus are stirred.
Pilate is demanding an answer.
And what does Jesus do?
Nothing.
He doesn't respond.
He is silent.
And the text says that Jesus is silence.
Amazed pilot.
The literal connotation there is pilot stood in wonder and marveled at Jesus.
Because here Jesus is surrounded by the powers of his day.
And the room was pilot.
They're berating him, accusing him.
Jesus can't say something back.
Pilot thinks he should say something back.
But Jesus is found in this moment with such deep inner peace.
He knows who he is, where he's come from, where he's going.
And Jesus does not respond to their accusations.
Jesus cannot be baited into a response.
He stands still and says nothing.
And Pilate was amazed.
There's a really practical application for the church.
It's gonna blow your mind.
It's gonna change your world.
And here it is.
There are sometimes where you don't have to say anything back.
You can follow the example of Jesus and just not say anything sometimes.
You don't have to comment on every post.
I know you thought you did, but you don't have to.
You don't have to respond to every DM or answer every single question asked of you.
You can follow the example of your savior, Jesus,
Stand in the middle as the world is going crazy and just not say anything.
What if silence sometimes, not always, what if silence sometimes is the best answer you could give?
And it's not because we don't care.
No, no, it's because we have found an inner peace.
It's because we have read the end of the story.
We know how it's going to end.
And if you are in Christ, it's going to end really beautifully and really wonderfully.
We know that Jesus cannot be dethroned.
He is on the throne.
He is King of Kings, Lord of Lords.
Every eye will see Him.
And one day, righteousness and justice will be fully restored.
And the Church of Jesus will reign forever with Him.
This is a story of hope that God is writing.
Therefore, as the world comes unglued, we can remain steady in our core, found to be at this unshakable peace, and not have to respond to everything.
I want you to hear me, followers of Jesus.
Followers of Jesus today should be the most non-anxious people in a politically anxious world.
If you are in Christ, if you belong to this kingdom that is a better kingdom, a lasting kingdom, you and I, we are to be the most non-anxious people in a politically anxious world, in a financially anxious world.
Why?
Because we know the end of the story.
And we win, we can trust in him, we can trust in his way.
It ends well.
It's a what if your peace
in a chaotic time became the greatest apologetic to your faith.
What if people around you who don't quite get Jesus yet, but they know you, they're amazed like Pilate was.
They're led to stand and wonder, man, why isn't she freaking out?
Why isn't he coming undone?
It's because you've discovered inner peace.
and let your peace cause wonder in the world.
The story goes on in verse six, and we're introduced to another Jewish leader, a zealot named Barabbas.
At the festival, Pilate used to release for the people a prisoner whom they requested.
There was one named Barabbas who was in prison with rebels who committed murder during their rebellion.
The crowd came up and began to ask Pilate to do for them as was his custom.
And Pilate answered them, do you want me to release the king of the Jews for you?
For he knew it was because of the envy that the chief priests had handed him over.
But the chief priests stirred up the crowd so that he would release Barabbas to them instead.
Pilate asked them again, then what do you want me to do with the one you call the king of the Jews?
Again, they shouted, crucify him.
Pilate said to them, why?
What has he done wrong?
But they shouted all the more crucified him.
In wanting to satisfy the crowd, Pilate released Barabbas to them.
And after having Jesus flogged, he handed him over to be crucified.
We're introduced to a zealot named Barabbas.
In fact, we're told here he was well known as a rebel, as a murderer.
He is in the custody of Pilate because of violence, vengeance.
And here, Pilate wants to release Barabbas, but the crowd is demanding the release of Jesus.
And in this scene, Matthew, when he writes his account, he includes a very interesting detail that I want you to notice about Barabbas.
Look at Matthew 27 verse 16.
At that time, they had a well-known prisoner.
So Barabbas is infamous for all the stuff he's done, a well-known prisoner whose name was what?
Say it again.
All campuses, what was his name?
Jesus, Barabbas.
It wasn't just Barabbas, his name was Jesus, Barabbas.
Jesus was a common name in first century.
And now here in Pilate's custody,
He doesn't just have one Jesus, he's got two Jesuses.
Talk about trouble.
He's got Jesus Barabbas, so verse 17.
So when the crowd had gathered, Pilate asked them, which one do you want me to release to you?
Jesus Barabbas, or Jesus, who is called the Messiah.
Pilate's got two Jesuses on his hands.
Jesus, a murderer, the one called Barabbas.
and Jesus the Messiah.
Get this, Barabbas literally means son of the Father, bar son, Abba Father.
Barabbas' name means son of the Father.
So you got a murderer whose name means son of the Father, and then you got the Messiah who is literally the only begotten son of the Father.
Pilate doesn't just have one Jesus on his hands, he's got two Jesus' on his hands.
But what's fascinating, fam, is this.
Both Jesus Barabbas and Jesus the Messiah, they both want to change the world.
They're both not okay with status quo.
They're both revolutionary leaders in their day and time, immersed in the social and political climate of their day.
They both want to see change in the world
But here's the deal.
Jesus, Barabbas, and Jesus the Messiah, they represent for us two diametrically opposed paths to bringing change in the world.
Jesus, Barabbas, and Jesus Messiah, they represent, they show us, they invite us into two diametrically opposed paths to the change we want to see in the world.
Jesus Barabbas, on one hand, he is fueled by hatred, violence, hostility, and revenge.
He wants to burn the empire down, destroy everyone he can see, who is in his way.
Jesus Barabbas sees people as enemies to be destroyed and eliminated.
On the other hand, you have Jesus the Messiah.
He doesn't want to destroy his enemies.
He wants to save his enemies.
He came to die for his enemies.
Jesus is not motivated by revenge or vengeance.
He's motivated by love and righteousness.
Jesus isn't killing people.
He's raising the dead.
He's not taking from the poor and marginalised.
He's feeding the poor, healing the sick, inviting people to himself.
Oh, Pilate has two, Jesus is on his hands.
Jesus the Messiah and Jesus the murderer.
But who do the crowds choose?
Who do the crowds want?
They need Jesus the Messiah, but they want Jesus Barabbas.
Jesus is who they need, but Barabbas is who they want.
And so they cried out,
Crucify Jesus and give us Barabbas.
They know what to do with a rebel like Barabbas who takes life, but they've got no clue what to do with Jesus who raises the dead.
So Pilate releases Barabbas and takes in custody of Jesus because the crowd chose to have a murderer rather than a merciful one.
They chose the guilty over the innocent
They chose for themselves a rebel instead of a redeemer.
And Jesus steps in as a substitute for Barabbas.
It took literally his place.
And isn't that a beautiful picture of the gospel?
I know you don't want to admit it, but you and I are the Barabbas in the story.
We're the ones who've broken God's law, who deserve punishment because of our sin and our rebellion against God, but Jesus came to stand in our place.
You were released.
He paid the debt you owed, the punishment we incurred on the cross.
He took our payment, fully paid, and He says to you, you're free to go.
You were forgiven, you were righteous, and I will pay the punishment.
You owe Jesus substituted in our place for us.
Amen?
That's the beauty of the gospel.
We will let go free, and Jesus took our place.
But here's the deal.
Just as Pilate had two, Jesus' in custody, you and I, every single day in the way we engage in politics, we have these two paths in front of us.
We have the way of Barabbas or the way of Jesus.
In the way we engage with people who disagree from us, with us.
Even if they wanna crucify you, call your names, whatever.
In the way we engage with people, two options remain.
The way of Barabbas or the way of Jesus.
The way of Barabbas is the way of the world, fueled by hatred, hostility and revenge.
The way of Barabbas is, if someone stands in your way,
Run them over.
No matter what you got to do, there is no justice.
There is no compass of what is right, morally or wrong.
Do whatever it takes to win, because it's all about winning.
So lie if you've got to cheat, if you've got to destroy those who get in your way, because anyone who opposes you is an enemy.
That's the way of Barabbas.
It is tribal, greedy, vengeful, seeking to destroy anyone who gets in their way.
The way of Barabbas is the way of the world, but hear me.
The way of Jesus is the way of the cross.
It is an upside down kingdom where you pray for your enemies.
You bless those who persecute you.
You turn the other cheek, you go the extra mile.
The way of the cross is to destroy enemies, but to love your enemies.
It is a path of forgiveness, service, and sacrifice.
The way of the cross does not achieve rightful positions or rightful power by earthly means.
That was Jesus' temptation in the wilderness to achieve His rightful power through earthly means.
No, no, no.
The way of the cross trusts in God to be the vindicator, not ourselves.
The way of the cross doesn't keep score.
It is not self-seeking.
It is self-giving.
Let me tell you this, ultimately, the way of the cross isn't about saving a nation.
It's about saving people from every nation tribe and tongue.
So that across the earth, there are people, followers of Jesus, who believe in the message of the cross.
So this week, I want to encourage you, engage in politics, be active, do all of that, but ask yourself this simple question.
Do I resemble the way of Barabbas or the way of Jesus?
Do my actions and attitudes, do they make sense with the way of the cross?
What kind of a revolutionary leader will I be?
Barabbas are Jesus.
Here's what you gotta know.
The world loves Barabbas's.
In fact, they'll want you to be a Barabbas.
Because in the eyes of the world, it's Barabbas who win.
The crowd is demanding, give us Barabbas.
But in the long term, Barabbas may cause a scene, but they don't change the world.
Because 40 years from this moment, the way if Barabbas failed, and Jerusalem was destroyed by the Romans because of people like Barabbas, and all of the other entities in Jerusalem failed
because they rejected the message of the cross.
Sometimes the way of the cross looks like losing in the eyes of the world, but it is the only path to lasting victory.
The message of the cross, the Bible says, is foolishness to the world.
but to those of us who believe it is the power of God unto salvation.
It is what changes people.
It is what changes nations.
It is what changes the world.
So 2,000 years later from that moment, there are no disciples of Barabbas, but there are billions of people across the last 2,000 years who have placed their faith in Christ because the way of the cross stands, the way of Jesus triumphs over everything else, amen?
So choose this day.
The way of Jesus, the way of the cross, and refuse the temptation from the world, or from ourself, to pursue the way of Barabbas.
But there are some of you today, before you can choose the way of Jesus, you must choose Jesus himself.
I'm asking you today, would you give your heart to Christ, the one who took your place, paid hard debt.
This is the moment to surrender your heart to Christ, and allow him to reframe every area of your life.
Would you buy your heads with me?
Father, we ask for your help today, tomorrow, and this week, and all the way to November and beyond, that we will be a people marked by the way of Jesus, the message of the cross, fulllessness of the world, but the power of God for salvation, and a transformation.
So God, may we be shaped by you in how we engage every area of life, including politics,
Fueled not by anger and hatred, but by love, righteousness and justice, serving you and your kingdom, following God, not Caesar, trusting in your wisdom your plan, found to be in the united posture, loving one another, serving our world, reaching the lost, trusting you in the midst of it all.
And may we be a people who would cause wonder in the world because we are at peace.
simply because of who you are.
And today, if there's someone, God, who has yet to experience this peace, would you invite us into that, into this kingdom of Jesus, following Jesus as Lord of all?
All this in the name of Jesus, we pray it in the church, set together, aloud, amen, amen.